This is a rough draft to prove ownership of my Innate Consciousness Vessel Theory.
Current date and time is 29/05/2025 - It is 7:01PM

Innate Consciousness Vessel - Rough un-peer Reviewed Draft, expect errors and terrible grammar and spelling! Ver: 0.1 - The Basic Idea

I became frustrated with the NPC theory, it is one aspect of a much larger picture, it dehumanises people into being either a USER aka someone with a consciousness, or an NPC - Someone without.

My theory is different, it is about everyone having an innate consciousness vessel, or for simplicity sake a container containing their capacity of consciousness.

Everyone is born with a differently sized Consciousness Vessel(container), this Consciousness Vessel holds an individuals thirst and capacity of knowledge, but also their capacity to grow in meaningful ways, what this means
is that when an individuals Consciousness Vessel has been filled, it becomes increasingly difficult to learn new concepts and to hold on to any previous thirst for knowledge. This thirst for growth and knowledge comes from
their need to fill their Consciousness Vessel, unfilled the individual will feel as though something is missing, they seek out new knowledge in order to fill this Consciousness Vessel, this should not however
be confused for the general human experience which already leaves a "hole" in yourself, a Consciousness Vessel can only be filled with new knowledge in order to grow into their Consciousness Vessel.

Those who are born with a smaller capacity usually fill their Consciousness Vessel rather quickly, what this means is that their thirst for knowledge is quickly diminished, after which, they are unable to grow
in meaningful ways, and lose their thirst to fill this vessel. One example of an already known scientific explanation for this is that when an attempt is made to increase an individuals IQ beyond their baseline
it can be temporarily increased, however eventually it returns to said baseline, this is because they have essentially temporarily expanded their Consciousness Vessel through great effort but like an overflowing
cup it must return to an equilibrium.

Those who are born with a larger Consciousness Vessel have a larger container, and as such have a thirst for knowledge which in some cases can last their whole lives as their capacity is so large that no amount of
knowledge can ever fill it. This however does not mean that such individuals can permanently increase their IQ as some forms of intelligence do not coincide with standardised IQ tests, this however does mean that they can keep
expanding their knowledge base further than the average individual. 

A Consciousness Vessel is a biological construct, likely a combination of many different aspects of the brain which combine into this Consciousness Vessel.

The Consciousness Vessel is on a vast spectrum, some are born and fill their vessel within their childhood, others never can fill it, some still have a larger capacity but their thirst for knowledge eventually plateaus
as their Vessel is filled. 

I will be expanding upon this theory in the future, until now I have laid out the basics of it, and I hope whoever is reading gets a good kick out of it and maybe even has some ideas in order to help me expand upon it. 

